# Introduction-To-Information-And-Communication-Technology

The project aims to provide with the experience of developing a medium-scale computing project in a small team. All aspects of the development process are considered: problem specification, requirement extraction, system design, implementation, integration, testing and documentation.

Information and communications technology (ICT) is an extensional time period for statistics technology (IT) that stresses the position of unified communications[1] and the mixing of telecommunications (smartphone strains and wi-fi signals) and computer systems, in addition to essential employer software, middleware, garage and audiovisual, that allow customers to access, store, transmit, recognize and manage statistics.

ICT is likewise used to consult the convergence of audiovisuals and smartphone networks with pc networks via a unmarried cabling or hyperlink device. There are massive financial incentives to merge the smartphone networks with the pc community device the usage of a unmarried unified device of cabling, sign distribution, and management. ICT is an umbrella time period that consists of any communique device, encompassing radio, televiision, mobileular phones, pc and community hardware, satellite tv for pc structures and so on, in addition to the numerous offerings and home equipment with them together with video conferencing and distance learning. ICT additionally consists of analog technology, together with paper communique, and any mode that transmits communique.

It is a vast concern and the principles are evolving. It covers any product a good way to store, retrieve, manage, transmit, or obtain statistics electronically in a virtual form (e.g., non-public computer systems together with smartphones, virtual television, email, or robots). Skills Framework for the Information Age is one in all many fashions for describing and dealing with skills for ICT experts for the twenty first century.
